Do you have a dress code in your restaurants
<-answer->
We request to follow certain dress codes depending on the restaurant for guest's comfort.  Yuan, Seafire, Bread Street Kitchen and Ayamna: Smart Casual dress code is recommended for your comfort; Minimum of tailored shorts, shirts with sleeves, closed shoes or sandals. Flip flops are not allowed. UAE national dress is most welcomed.  Ronda Locatelli: Casual dress code is recommended for the guest’ comfort. Minimum of tailored shorts, shirt with sleeves and any footwear is allowed. UAE national dress is welcomed.  Edge/ Shore: Shorts, shirts and any footwear are allowed. UAE national dress is welcomed. No swimwear or towels allowed in the evening.  Fast Food Avenues: Short, shirts and any footwear are allowed. UAE national dress is welcomed. No swimwear or towels allowed  Kaleidoscope and Saffron: Shorts, shirts and any footwear are allowed. UAE national dress is welcomed. No swim wear, towels and shirts with no sleeves allowed.  Barazura / Plato's: Casual dress code is recommended for your comfort. Minimum of tailored shorts, shirts with sleeves and any footwear are allowed. UAE national dress is welcomed.  Ndulge: Smart casual dress code is recommended for comfort. Gentlemen are requested to wear long trousers or smart jeans. Minimum of shirts with sleeves and closed shoes. UAE national dress is not welcomed.  Nasimi beach: Shorts, shirts and any footwear are allowed. UAE national dress is welcomed, but unfortunately not when there is live entertainment. No swimwear or towels allowed inside the restaurant and terrace  Nobu: Smart Casual dress code is recommended for your comfort. Gentlemen are requested to wear long trousers or smart jeans. Minimum of shirts with sleeves, closed shoes or sandals. Flip flops are not allowed. UAE national dress is welcomed,  Ossiano: Smart Elegant dress code is recommended for your comfort. Gentlemen are requested to wear shirts with a collar, long trousers or smart jeans and closed shoes (no trainers). UAE national dress is welcomed. The same dress code applies to eligible children dining in the restaurant as well.