How many restaurants / cuisines and bars do you have
<-answer->
CELEBRITY RESTAURANTS:  Nobu: Nobu serves cutting-edge Japanese cuisine with a south american influence.The restaurant also features a bar, lounge, private dining room, garden and sushi bar. Ronda Locatelli: Giorgio Locatelli's Sophisticated trattoria-style cooking uses the freshest of ingredients and is served family style, from brick-oven pizzas and antipasto to delicate pastas. Bread Street Kitchen: Bread Street Kitchen serving a delectable British European menu and well known classic beverages with some more innovative and fun cocktails.  SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS Ossiano: This elegant restaurant features fine-dining in a unique setting.Creative cuisine Inspired by the sea and infused with mediterranean flavours. Stylish bar to enjoy pre and after dinner drinks. Ayamna: Contemporary Lebanese restaurant- Ayamna means ‘our memorable days’; a reference to the beautiful experiences of Lebanese culture, food and atmosphere. Ayamna has a dining area (Salon) and the Terrace (Stayha) Seafire: Seafire is a modern New York City steakhouse boasting an exceptional butchery and wine cellar featuring New World boutique wines. Nasimi: Nasimi Beach is a lifestyle brand and playground for trendsetters. It is the ultimate fusion of entertainment and fashion, unique parties, great bars and quality dining at an incomparable beach front location. Nasimi restaurant offers drinks and food throughout the day & night. Yuan: Yuan serve Contemporary Authentic Chinese a la Carte with Lounge Bar.  CASUAL: Asia Republic: Casual dining restaurant that offers exquisite food. Drawing inspiration from the rich culinary history of the Far East, Asia Republic offers all guests a combination of vibrant food in a casual atmosphere, filled with a host of bold colours and aromas. Shawafel: Dubai's ultimate Shawarma and Falafel, there is no better place than Shawafel TBJ: Fast Food serving best burgers freshly prepared using finest quality 100% pure wagyu beef and complemented by the awesome TBJ sauce.  BUFFET:  Kaleidoscope: Enjoy your favorite international dishes from the interactive buffets in Kaleidoscope, a range of specialties from India, Italy and the Middle East have been added to make your dining experience a memorable one. Saffron: Saffron presents dining drama within a vibrantly bold, contemporary setting featuring Asian cuisine prepared at theatrical cooking stations paired with modern design by award-winning New York restaurant designer Adam Tihany.  OUTDOORS: The Edge: The Edge Restaurant is a family-friendly restaurant offering mouth-watering Mediterranean cuisine with an Italian-twist including healthy salads, soups, Arabic mix grills, delicious pizzas, pastas as well a variety of seafood specials and desserts. Serves a wide array of thirst quenchers, cocktails and wines. The Shore: The Shore located at the east end of the Royal Pool overlooking the Dubai skyline. The Shore is great place to chill out during a day in the sunshine.The Shore specializes in hearty Tex-Mex with Fajitas, Nachos, Burgers and grills. The bar offers extensive range of thirst quenchers and Cocktail menu with Caipirinhas, Daiquiris, Margaritas, wines and selection of draught beers.