If I book an Imperial Club Room, what Room do I get
<-answer->
Imperial Club rooms could either have Ocean, Palm or partial view of both. The Imperial Club Rooms are always on a higher floor with the Imperial Club Room Benefits. BENEFITS: -Complimentary return airport transfers in an Audi A6 or equivalent, upon request*. - Imperial Club lounges are accessible from 7:00AM to 11:00PM daily. - Breakfast is available in one of our Lounges or Saffron or Kaleidoscope restaurants from 7:00AM to 11:00AM daily. - 24 hour In-Room Dining is available and will be charged to your room bill at the rates detailed on the menu. - Afternoon tea is available in one of our Imperial Club lounges from 2:30PM to 4:30PM daily - A Selection of complimentary beverages and canapes are served in our Lounges from 5:00PM to 7:00PM daily. - Dress Code: Smart casual / smart shorts / Cover-ups and no wet clothes - Light sweet and savoury snacks are available throughout the day including juice, tea, coffee and complimentary soft drinks in our lounges. - For our Imperial Club guests with families, children aged 3 - 12 can enjoy daily complimentary morning and afternoon entry into Atlantis Kids Club, whilst teens aged 13 - 18 can receive complimentary Club Rush entry between 3:00pm - 6:00pm for a bit of fun without parents. - Adults will not be permitted inside Atlantis Kids Club during operational hours. All parents/guardians who will collect their children will need to wait at the security gate. If adults would like to see the facility, Tours are from 1:30pm - 2:00pm and from 5:00pm - 5:30pm. Tour inside Atlantis Kids Club will be supervised. No adults can go inside the venue without supervision. - Complimentary N'Dulge nightclub access (excluding certain separately ticketed events). - Dedicated high speed Internet is available to Imperial Club guests complimentary. - Complimentary use of iPads are available to Imperial Club guests in the lounges. - Complimentary access to over 2,000+ newspapers and 100 magazines from 100 countries in 56 languages using Pressreader.com during your stay in our resort. - Complimentary use of the steam, sauna and jet pool facilities at ShuiQi Spa. - Enjoy two treatments at ShuiQi Spa for the price of one. Offer applies to treatments of AED 500 or more and excludes Medi-Spa. One offer valid per room, per stay. Available between 10.00am – 3.00pm daily -Priority Bellman Services.